[WIP] Update all the XLS documents in this repo to have a preamble of the following format: (#327)
XRPLF/XRPL-Standards: XLS-0034-paychan-escrow-for-tokens/README.md

<pre>
  xls: 34
  title: Token-Enabled Escrows and Payment Channels

>   description: Amendment to enable Escrows and PayChannels to use Trustline balances in addition to XRP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: Amendment to enable Escrows and Payment Channels to use IOU balances in addition to XRP
```

> author: Brandon Wilson <bwilson@ripple.com>

Reviewer: Wrong authors - I'm seeing a pattern here, so if there are authors specified in the previous diff, the new version should use the same list of authors

<pre>
  xls: 34
  title: Token-Enabled Escrows and Payment Channels
  description: Amendment to enable Escrows and Payment Channels to use IOU balances in addition to XRP

>   author: Richard Holland, Denis Angell

Reviewer: Add the authors' @'s in parantheses
